Next step: Movement evaluation 
I start moving a stone which is in the board: 
When I want to place it, evaluation happens: 
-did I move in the direction allowed for the stone? If OK, continue
-did I move to an allowed distance for the stone? If OK, continue
-is the target field on the board? If yes, continue
-is the target field free or is there an opponent's stone? If yes, continue 
--if it is free: place the stone 
--if there is an opponents stone and it is not the Lion 
---the opponent's stone should turn into my own stone
---the opponent's stone should land in my stash; if there is already a stone of this type, lay over it and increase the count 

I want to take a stone from the stash and place it on the board: 











Stash: 
Resign button
Indication whether its the players turn or not 
Slots for taken stones - 1 slot for a stone type, with an indication of a count 
Number of slots depends on the game type: 
















DESIGN 
LAUNCH SCREEN
-Your games in progress
-Games waiting for an oponent

Profile settings
-Statistics (Played, Won, Lost)


Gameplay
Display session details 
The player who starts is decided randomly

Display areas where players can place stones outside of the desk
Stone collision - stones cannot overlap
Drag and drop movement. Stones can be dropped on the desk only to specific areas (slots) to keep a neat look.
The rules of the game are evaluated by players themselves - not by the game itself. The game detects only the game end.
When one player wins the game shows a congratulation and a quote inspiring the players to thank each other for the game.
A player can surrender which ends the game.


Additional ideas: 
Game timeframe - can be specified by the admin when creating a session
Game can be saved so that the players can continue later 
A game session can be password protected
Statistics - stats for a specific games are visible only to its participants
Players can set a limit even during an ongoing game to speed it up. This option gets suggested automatically if the game is going on for some time. 


Reference 
https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/layout/containers/





